# Quiz Program 

This project is a chatbot that makes quiz. This program is worked on Facebook messenger by using Java, Spring boot and [messenger4j]. 

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Git
- JDK 8 or later
- Maven 3.0 or later
- Mysql

### How to Clone?

Some basic Git commands are:
```
git clone https://github.com/veyselpehlivan/RestService.git
cd RestService
```

### Configuration

```
messenger4j.appSecret = ${MESSENGER_APP_SECRET}
messenger4j.verifyToken = ${MESSENGER_VERIFY_TOKEN}
messenger4j.pageAccessToken = ${MESSENGER_PAGE_ACCESS_TOKEN}

```

The configuration is located in ` src/resources/application.properties `

## Running this Program on Your Local Host

### Prequisites

- Git
- Ngrok
- Mysql

### Steps that You should Follow

1. Clone the project
2.Create a Facebook page

### Create and Configure Facebook App

3. open https://developers.facebook.com/apps
4. click the 'Add a New App' button
5. enter the Display Name, e.g. chatbot
6. select the Category: 'Apps for Messenger'
7. click the 'Create App ID' button
8. Section 'Token Generation': Select your created FB Page, e.g. Messenger4j Demo
9. copy the 'Page Access Token' to the clipboard
10. paste this 'Page Access Token' to the `${MESSENGER_PAGE_ACCESS_TOKEN}` 
11. navigate to 'Dashboard'
12. copy the 'App Secret' to the clipboard
13. paste this 'App Secret' to the `${MESSENGER_APP_SECRET}`
14. use a randomly generated string as 'Verify Token', e.g. retgdkfjsjklsklj34qdfs
15. paste this 'Verify Token' to the `${MESSENGER_VERIFY_TOKEN}`
16. run the code
17. open the ngrok
18. create a callback url by using ngrok
19. navigate back to 'Messenger'
20. Section 'Webhooks': Click the 'Setup Webhooks' button
21. enter the Callback URL that is generated by ngrok
enter the generated Verify Token, e.g. retgdkfjsjklsklj34qdfs
22. select the following Subscription Fields: messages, messaging_postbacks, messaging_optins, message_deliveries, message_reads, messaging_account_linking, message_echoes
23. click the 'Verify and Save' button
24. Section 'Webhooks': Select your created FB Page to subscribe your webhook to the page events
25. click the 'Subscribe' button

### Test your Chatbot

1. Send 'Start' message


